---

title: "Dream it possible"
date: 2019-07-21
tags: [dreams]

excerpt: "Everyone knows that if a small kid says “ I want to be an astronaut” or “ I want to be a president” or “ I want to invent a happiness machine” ..."


---
# Dream it possible

<div style="text-align: justify">
Well, everyone knows that if a small kid says “ I want to be an astronaut” or “ I want to be a president” or “ I want to invent a happiness machine” we usually reply “yeah, you’ll be or yes, you can”. But, why when he grows up we start telling him ‘no you won’t, it’s impossible or no, you cannot do it because of that or this” Why??
I clearly remember, when I was a kid it seemed everything is possible to me. I did not know the word “impossible”. One day, I got really good news, my cousin was accepted to study in Russia, Moscow. I dreamed to be like him, to study in Russia and I told about it to my teacher. He smiled, and said “ Well, it is impossible for you because you don’t know Russian language, it needs a lot of money, your family cannot support you, your cousin has studied in Tashkent(capital of Uzbekistan), their family is rich. So be realist Inomjon, study hard and work hard, your children may study in Russia in the future”. That time, I had finished my middle school, his words were completely true and it was the first time to meet the word, or situation called impossible.  I forgot the conversation in a short time, but the dream was always in my heart! I applied to study in the lyceum in the Samarkand city, while my classmates applied for college to study some special profession, such as barber, technician, nurse and so on. Three years passed to fast, I studied hard, yeah I am not boasting myself, I tried my best, and the study environment was good. Do you know what happened then? Russia government provided grants for 80 students from Uzbekistan to study in Russia, I was so lucky; I had passed the exam with the highest score. Honestly, I could not speak well Russian language that time, I could read, write and understand but my speaking was bad. When I had to choose to study in Russia or Uzbekistan, I chose stay in Uzbekistan. I had everything, money, scholarship. Fear of failing kept me to stay in my comfort zone. It gave me a big life lesson! When you have a dream, the whole universe will help you to achieve it. However, life checks with difficulties if you really want that dream. It is simple but not easy!
Listen my friend. Perhaps this is the most important thing that you can hear now from me. Dream! Dream like kids, sincerely, with an open heart. It is as if no one has ever told you this horrible phrase “dreams don't come true”. This is a lie! Your dreams will come true. If they are yours. If you believe. If you - act. Dream! Dreams motivate and encourage acting! Dreams lift you out of bed and fill you with energy. Dreams make you happier, because you can't dream about something bad, right?! Dreams inspire you. Dream! Dream is your vector. A dream with strong belief and time based plan it is already a goal. And the goal directs you. Without a dream, you are blind! You do not know where to go. You are a sliver, carried by the rapid flow of life, wherever it pleases. Be a ship! Dream! Live consciously, live life fullest! Dream! Dreams that fill our lives with meaning. Do not just exist, live, I beg you !!! We do not come into this world just to work, to exist. We come to dream and create, accomplish it. Dream! Do not look at anyone. No matter how small your dream is - it is YOURS !!! Make it and dream about something else, meaningful for you. Dream for dream. Dream for dream! Dream, I beg you, otherwise others will dream for you. But then, you will not live your life, those others. Do you want this? Do you live for this? Surely, that little “you” dreamed a lot! Listen, friend. Stop. Do not rush. Without a dream - you have nothing! You do not know where to go. Do not waste your time! Do not waste time; this is the most valuable thing you have. Remember what you dreamed when you were a kid. You dreamed that you would grow up, achieve success, and become something important, meaningful. You dreamed to be a scientist, an artist, a doctor, a famous athlete, an astronaut, or dreamed of traveling around the whole world, making a bunch of discoveries, creating a masterpiece, and leaving a memory for yourself. I do not know exactly, but you dreamed that you would be happy. Then, for some reason you stopped, became an adult.
Dreamers created this world. Crazy people, in whose dreams no one believed. They said: “Hey, this is impossible, come on, do a serious job” Someone’s unreal fantasy. Someone's desire. And someone's faith! Dream my friend, wherever you are now, whoever you are now! It's not too late to realize your dream. Think about what you would do now if you did not survive. What do you really want, ask yourself!!! Human being is created to learn and build, we cannot want nothing, do not strive anywhere. This is unnatural. This not normal! Do you understand!!! Now is the best time to start! Neither yesterday, nor tomorrow, nor since Monday! Now! Start dreaming! Dream big and dream in trifles. See yourself and your world the way you like it. Create them in your fantasy, in your thoughts, write them down! Dream! Believe! Take action! And don't give up! Never! Never give up! I believe in you, friend. You believe in yourself. Start dreaming.
Here I give you some example from famous people:
Muhammad Ali, the greatest boxer of all the times, he is one of my hero. He said these words one of his interviews:
A small, puny boy from Kentucky, weighing less than 40 kilograms, I was riding my bicycle under rain, these words were sounding in my head, and that time my name was Cassius Clay, I heard: and as before, the world’s  heavyweight champion Cassius Clay.
I pedaled and said to myself: The world’s champion can beat anyone in Russia, in America, anyone in China, anyone in Japan, anyone in Europe, the world’s champion is a great achievement.  I continued to work until I reached it. I became not a simple world champion; I surpassed all the champions who came before me.
Jack Ma, co - founder of Alibaba,  he was ranked second in the annual "World's 50 Greatest Leaders" list by Fortune,  Forbes' World's Most Powerful People, one of his speeches he said about dream:
I strongly believe, it is not the technology that changes the world! It is the dream behind the technology changes the world! If technology change the world, I will never be here. I am not trained to be a technology, I know nothing about the computer and I know very little about internet. I have a strong dream! It is a dream that drive the world, not technology!
Hope you enjoyed reading, thanks for your time! Dream it possible! 
 </div>
